---
title: Morning thoughts
date: February 11, 2017
description: Here are the list of morning thoughts I had from the past few weeks, some might sound stupid but they are really deep you just have to think which we general do less these days...
permalink: /blog/morning-thoughts.html
prev: /blog/questions-i-want-answers-for.html
---

Here are the list of morning thoughts I had from the past few weeks, some might sound stupid but they are really deep you just have to think which we general do less these days.

> Having balance is the most important thing, both in life and also bank account. Live thoughtful. Spend careful.

> Life is like a volleyball, people just keep hitting it constantly only until the game ends, you just gotta be patient to live in peace... but wait there will be another match coming.

> Change is like eating grapes ðŸ‡. You never know when that one sour grape is going spoil your mouth.

> Knowing people is like understanding a piece of art work. The more sophisticated the art/people are the more time you have to spend. Once you know them you may appreciate, enjoy, love them.

> Boeken heart is like a broken glass, even if you try to patch them up it will never be the same. Try not to break hearts.

> Everyone does what they want to do, so why bother convincing them what to do or what not to do?

> Babies are the best.

> A person makes a joke, it will be humor if u like them or it will be insult if u don't like them. It's all perspective.

> By chance, a person can be right for the wrong reasons. Like.. a broken clock can show the right time twice a day.

> Judging a person without exploring them is like judging a kimberlite by its looks. There could be a diamond inside.

> Personal secrets are generally mistakes you did, that you are ashamed of sharing with others. Try to have less secrets.

> Accepting the rejection will make you think deep & strong. The more you hammer a nail the deep it goes.

> Hope will keep you motivated not to give up. So, let's hope even it's hard to happen.

> Do what you are suppose to do, not what you are expected. Bcz expectations are subjective and vary from person to person.

> Guessing ones pain is like u watching them eating a ghost chili. U don't know the real heat until you expirence it.

> Self respect is like perfectly cooked salmon. Over cook, it will become ego. Under cook, it will become self-deprecation.

> Good things will happen to good people if not right away sometime in future. So be good. Also known as karma.

> Only having brightness in life is actually darkness. And then bright will be the new dark.

> Saying NO is much better than ignoring a person. One should learn to respect others.

> Pause before you say I, me, or my & think if you really need to say that. This slowly heals your selfcenteredness problems.

> Good ideas are generated by combining two or more perspectives. Be open and listen to what others have to say.

> There is nothing called bad luck. There are actions and consequences.

> Being rigid will create more friction & pain and you will not move forward. Be adaptive like water and move forward.

> Before blaming others blame yourself for blaming others and you will never blame others for your mistakes.

> Value of anything is situational. Water will be more valuable than gold in a desert. Don't underestimate.

> None is superior to none. Personal choices, time, opportunities & situations make us different.Just different not superior.

> The way that we think about our needs and want will determine our happiness.

> Certainty will make your life lazy and boring. Be uncertain and expect the unexpected to make your life more lively.

> Before you think about the things that you don't have, think about the things you have and appreciate them.

> Forgiveness is like climbing to the top of a steep mountain. It's hard, but once you reach there you are on the TOP.

> Emotions are like sudden waves in an ocean journey. They will take u in a wrong direction, if you don't navigate properly.

> Trust is a mysterious concept like a kids brain. None knows how it works or why it works.

> Beliefs are generally your wishes that you think would happen. All wishes won't happen, similarly not all beliefs are true.

> Listen to everyone, but at the end do whatever you like. After all you are responsible for your own actions.

> Knowledge that is not shared with the right audiences is like a rain in the middle of an ocean. It's kind of useless.

> Seeking attention from other people is like seeking attention from a cat. They don't give af. Don't keep expectations.

> Fire will be seen even in the dark. Truth prevails over lies and falsehood eventually.

> For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Which is also called karma. Do good to get good.

> Dog should control its tail.. not the other way. Make sure only you control your life and not anyone else.

> U don't have the right to choose ur birth, parents, color or death. But u have all rights to choose ur life. Make it count.

> You r lucky to have that one person who loves u & stays with u forever without any blood relation. Love & don't loose them.

> Ur enemy will be ur friend in deep forest when you both r alone. Enmity is situational. Don't make enemies. Make friends.

> You cannot unring a bell. Be careful with what you speak.

> Past is like your ex & future is like a super model, they never come to you. Forget past & future.. focus on present.

> Doing the wrong thing can be the right thing sometimes. Use your common sense.

> Good is not always good. Bad is not always bad. It's just a perspective. Don't judge.

> Life is not a race. Don't compete, live it.

> There is no definition of success. Don't just try to be successful, be full in every aspect

> Women are like nature. Both are beautiful/lifegivers. Never disrespect them, they will be a catastrophe & you can't survive.

> Always being happy is like a soap bubble.U never know when it pops.Don't float like bubble,roll like a ðŸŽ³ ball on the ground.

> Life is not short. On avg its freaking 70 years. Take it slow. Don't be stupid, be thoughtful.

> People and relations are more valuable than your expensive handbag/car. Don't be materialistic, be humanistic.

> Comparing self with others is cause for dissatisfaction. Don't compare, be unique.

> Hardwork & pain are like caterpillars ðŸ› they are temp the end result success is a butterfly ðŸ¦‹. You just have to be patient.

> Life sucks in general. Make it less sucky by being happy with whatever you got.

> Design feedback is for your designs not for you. Take it to the mind not to the heart.

> Don't go behind people who you love. Prioritize people who loves you.

> Hate is the cause for unhappiness. Don't hate be neutral.

> Social pressure is the biggest reason for unhappiness.

For more stuff follow [http://twitter.com/websiddu](http://twitter.com/websiddu)
